So, guys, now let us start with the concept of jail threats, so jail terms are nothing, but they
are glued version of the list.
So like traditional, doubly linked list, the end goal of jail threads are the end objective of jail.
Trad's is no different from the end goal of traditional, doubly linked list.
As I stated earlier, we are just learning, redesigning or reorganizing our data structures in a better
or efficient way as compared to traditional methods.
So let us do a little recap now.
You know how to define data structures, which represents a list.
So now you are familiar how to define structures which represent traditional link list so you can see
that the structure represents the node of a traditional linked list.
I know you already know that a typical node of a traditional linked list has three members that is left
right as well as the data, which actually a pointer which points to the application data.
Right.
And the second the structure is the representation of a list itself now that you have already implemented
a traditional link list.
So now I expect you that you know how to define and design the structures which represents traditional
list.
Now, against this traditional, doubly linked list, on the right hand side is actually the definition
of group is the list.
Now, as I said, Gluba is doubly linked list are called real threats.
So the first structure is actually the definition of a node of a dual threat.
So you can see that in the structure, which represents a node of a giant threat, there are only two
members.
The first member is the left and the second member is the right.
Now, you already know that left and right members of a node linked list are actually the members,
which points to the left node as well as right node in a list.
So can you spot the difference between the definition of these two nodes?
That is on the right hand side?
We have a definition of a load of a giant thread, whereas on the left hand side we have a definition
of a. of a traditional linked list.
So as you can see that the clear difference between the two definitions is actually the absence of this
member in threat NGL thread node definition.
There is no member called data, which actually points to the application data.
So we will shortly discuss that, why we do not have worldstar data as a member of the alternative structure
and the second structure is, again, the representation of group is doubly linked list.
So, again, like traditional double-dealing list, it has a pointer which points to the head of a giant
thread that is a pointer to the first node of group is doubly linked list.
And like traditional, doubly linked list, G.L. threads can also has function pointers.
And you can see that the additional thing G.L. Threads has is a member called Offset.
Now we will see that.
What is the purpose of this offset, why it is there and what is the use of this offset number?
So you can see that G.L. thread nodes do not have Whydah started a member, right?
So you can see that we do not have Whydah started a structure in giant thread nor data structure.
So you must be wondering that if I do not have Wildstar data data structure, then how Boudjellal thread
nodes holds the application data.
So before jumping into this point, let us learn some more.
S. So looks like you are very curious to know now that how does Gyul threats walk?